Addition of discovery server instructions (#417)
iRobotEducation/create3_docs: docs/setup/discovery-server.md

# Fast DDS Discovery Server

This page gives instructions on how to use a Fast DDS discovery server with the Create® 3 robot as a client.
For more information on the Fast DDS discovery server, please refer to the [eProsima documentation](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/ros2/discovery_server/ros2_discovery_server.html).

*We’ll use the term "computer" to refer to any SBC (single board computer), virtual machine, personal computer, etc.*

## Configure Server

> 1. Start the discovery server on the computer that you wish to use as your server by replacing <SERVER_IP> with the server’s IP address.

Reviewer: > by replacing <SERVER_IP> with the server’s IP address.
this sentence seems a little bit redundant and not very clear.

is the "server's IP" the computer IP ? if yes, I would change this into "the computer's IP address"

Author: Yes, fair point. In this case, the computer in use should be the server. I will update

        fastdds discovery -i 0 -l <SERVER_IP> -p 11811
   
     ![](./data/fastdds.png)

## Configure Create® 3 Robot as a Client
!!! important

>     If you have enabled the discovery server previously, make sure it is disabled in the configuration settings **before** connecting it to a new Wi-Fi network.*

Reviewer: We should add indications on how to disable and emphasise more that this is needed only for new WiFi networks.  

(P.S. there's a spurious `*` at the end of the sentence)

Author: Note, will change.

1. Make sure your Create® 3 robot is connected to Wi-Fi. If it isn't, follow the directions [here](../provision/).

1. Navigate to the robot’s web server via its IP address.
Go to [webserver application settings](../../webserver/application/) and enable the checkbox for the discovery server.
In the field `Address and port of Fast DDS discovery server`, enter the IP address of your server followed by `:11811` (the default port for the Fast DDS discovery server is `11811`, but it is configurable).

1. If you intend on connecting multiple robots to the same discovery server, make sure to give the Create® 3 robot a namespace.
Restart the application after saving all settings.
  ![](./data/app-config.png)

!!! attention

>       It is recommended you check the [logs](../../webserver/logs/) to confirm the discovery server has been enabled on the robot. ![](./data/logs.png)

Reviewer: it would be good to add a snippet of what users are expected to see in the logs

Author: The image in the attention provides this. Would you prefer it be in line rather than an image?

Reviewer: Ok no, that's enough (my bad for not looking at the image)

## Configure Other Devices as Super Clients 

> When using a discovery server with a Create® 3 Robot, all other devices connected to the discovery server must be set up as super clients in order to communicate with the Create® 3 Robot.

Reviewer: We should clarify what are the "other devices" mentioned here.

Author: My understanding is this could be any device running ROS 2, correct?

1. Before starting, stop the ROS 2 Daemon with `ros2 daemon stop`.

1. Download the .xml file found [here](data/super_client_configuration_file.xml) and replace VM_IP with your device’s IP address.

> 1. Navigate to your device and open terminal. If the super client and server are on the same computer, make sure to open a new tab in terminal (separate terminal from where the server is running).*

Reviewer: I would just say "open a new terminal" (without specifying new tab)

1. Assign your .xml file as your default profile by entering the following.

        export FASTRTPS_DEFAULT_PROFILES_FILE=/path/to/the/xml/profile

> 1. Now, try running a topic list by typing `ros2 topic list`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Now, try looking for the Create® 3  topics list by running `ros2 topic list`.
```

# Fast DDS Discovery Server

> This page gives instructions on how to use a Fast-DDS discovery server with the Create® 3 robot as a client.

Reviewer 2: I just looked it up and apparently it's spelled "Fast DDS" and not "Fast-DDS." I have definitely made this mistake, before.

For more information on the Fast-DDS discovery server, please refer to the [eProsima documentation](https://fast-dds.docs.eprosima.com/en/latest/fastdds/ros2/discovery_server/ros2_discovery_server.html).

> *We’ll use the term computer to refer to any SBC (single board computer), virtual machine, personal computer, etc.*

Reviewer 2: nit: put quotation marks around the first "computer"

## Configure Server

1. Start the discovery server on the computer that you wish to use as your server by replacing <SERVER_IP> with the server’s IP.

        fastdds discovery -i 0 -l <SERVER_IP> -p 11811
   
   ![](./data/fastdds.png)

## Configure Create® 3 Robot as a Client

> 1. Make sure your Create® 3 robot is connected to wifi. If it isn't, follow the directions [here](../provision/).

Reviewer 2: typo: Wi-Fi

!!! important

>     If you have enabled the discovery server previously, make sure it is disabled in the configuration settings **before** connecting it to a new wifi.*

Reviewer 2: suggest changing end of sentence to "**before** connecting it to a new Wi-Fi network."

> 2. Navigate to the robot’s web server via its IP.

Reviewer 2: nit: use "IP address."

> 2. Navigate to the robot’s web server via its IP address.

Reviewer 2: You need to play with this ordered list, it's not rendering correctly.

> Go to configuration settings and turn the discovery server on.

Reviewer 2: This is a little confusing. Maybe change "configuration settings" to "webserver application settings" and be a link to `webserver/application/` on the docs site? And also change "turn the discovery server on" to "enable the checkbox for the discovery server?"

> In the field `Address and port of Fast DDS discovery server`, enter the IP of your server followed by `:11811`.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add a parenthetical here about the default port for the Fast-DDS discovery server being 11811 (it is configurable)? I could be convinced that this is more information than a beginner needs.

3. If you intend on connecting multiple robots to the same discovery server, make sure to give the Create® 3 robot a namespace.
Restart the application after saving all settings.
  ![](./data/app-config.png)

!!! attention
      It is recommended you check the [logs](../../webserver/logs/) to confirm the discovery server has been enabled on the robot. ![](./data/logs.png)

## Configure Other Devices as Super Clients 
When using a discovery server with a Create® 3 Robot, all other devices connected to the discovery server must be set up as super clients in order to communicate with the Create® 3 Robot.

1. Before starting, stop the ROS 2 Daemon with `ros2 daemon stop`.

2. Download the .xml file found [here](data/super_client_configuration_file.xml) and replace VM_IP with your device’s IP address.

3. Navigate to your device and open terminal.

!!! important
    If the super client and server are on the same computer, make sure to open a new tab in terminal (separate terminal from where the server is running).*

> 4. Assign your .xml file as your default profile by entering the following.

Reviewer 2: Same as above -- numbering is restarting from 1. Please look at some of the other markdown files with admonitions to see how we worked around this. Also, in the markdown, please start every entry with `1.`; this helps to remind us all that the rendering does not use the same numbering as in the markdown file.

## Configure Server

1. Start the discovery server on the computer that you wish to use as your server by replacing <SERVER_IP> with the computer's IP address.

        fastdds discovery -i 0 -l <SERVER_IP> -p 11811
   
     ![](./data/fastdds.png)

## Configure Create® 3 Robot as a Client
!!! important

>     If you have enabled the discovery server previously and wish to change the Wi-Fi network you are connected to, make sure the discovery server it is disabled in the configuration settings **before** connecting it to a **new** Wi-Fi network.

Reviewer 2: Remove "it" in "make sure the discovery server it is disabled"
